---
title: "Tech Highlights: Generating 2D & 3D synthetic data for AI & ML training"
permalink: /stories/bifrost/
variant: tiptap
description: Bifrost develops synthetic data platform for AI and ML training
---
<p><strong>Bifrost AI&nbsp;(Singapore)</strong><br><br>“<strong><em>Through working with Cap Vista and DSTA, Bifrost received strategic guidance and valuable experience in deploying our products in the defence environment, allowing us to extend our advanced technology to vital government and defense projects globally.</em></strong>”</p><p>Charles Wong, CEO, Bifrost</p><p><strong>Accelerating AI Development and Reducing Costs Through Synthetic Data</strong></p><p>Bifrost is building the future of Generative 3D, allowing creatives and developers to build 3D worlds at scale. Bifrost has empowered some of the world’s most demanding organizations to do the impossible like landing spacecraft on Mars, or catching pirates at sea.</p><p>Bifrost was founded in 2020 by Singapore University of Technology and Design alumni Charles Wong (CEO) and Aravind Kandiah (CTO), and has rapidly become a pioneer in the field of Generative 3D. Recognized early by Cap Vista during a pitch session at SUTD, Bifrost secured investment in its pre-seed round, setting the stage for groundbreaking advancements in AI technology.</p><p>Bifrost’s unique approach in creating scalable, photorealistic 3D worlds is reshaping industries. The company specializes in generating synthetic datasets that are diverse, customizable, and immediately available, enabling AI teams to develop robust models with unprecedented speed and accuracy. This innovative method drastically reduces the time, cost, and resources traditionally required for collecting and annotating high-quality training data. Bifrost's advanced technology has been instrumental in simulations for Mars spacecraft landings and maritime piracy interception, showcasing its versatile applications.&nbsp;</p><p><strong>Expanding into the defence and national security market globally</strong></p><p>Supported and facilitated by Cap Vista, Bifrost’s collaboration with global government partners is pushing the boundaries of AI innovation. By providing novel, disruptive solutions, Bifrost addresses critical national security challenges and continues to set new standards in Generative 3D technology.</p><p></p>