---
title: Privacy Statement
permalink: /privacy/
variant: tiptap
---
<p><strong>Cap Vista Privacy Policy</strong></p><p>Your privacy is important to us. This Privacy Policy, which outlines how your Personal Data will be handled and managed, is in accordance with the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (PDPA) which strives to protect Personal Data of individuals. We may from time to time update this Privacy Policy to ensure that it is consistent with the PDPA, and updates will be published here. Your use of this Website after such changes have been posted will constitute your agreement to be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. As the Website contain hyperlinks to other websites, Cap Vista is not responsible for the privacy practices of the other websites. We encourage you to consult the privacy notices of those websites.</p><p><strong>Personal Data</strong></p><p>"Personal Data" refers to any data or information about you from which you can be identified either from that data; or from that data and other information to which we have or are likely to have access. Examples of Personal Data include your name, contact number(s), email address and any other information relating to you which you have provided us in any form of interaction with you.</p><p><strong>Collection, Use and/or Disclosure of Personal Data</strong></p><p>Cap Vista may collect your Personal Data submitted to us for the purpose specified. We will not collect Personal Data that is more than necessary for us to engage with you on your request, query and/or applications submitted. By voluntarily providing your Personal Data to Cap Vista, you are deemed to have consented to the use and/or disclosure of the data for the purposes specified. You should ensure that all Personal Data submitted to us is complete and accurate. Failure on your part to do so may result in our inability to contact you, or carry out activities for the purposes which you had given us consent to collect, use and/or disclose your Personal Data for. Where Personal Data is submitted by you, either as an individual or organisation, on behalf or for the purposes of another individual, you warrant to us that all the necessary consents obtained in accordance with all applicable data protection legislation, including but not limited to the PDPA, for the purpose specified, have been obtained from that individual and that you have notified him/her of the purposes for which the Personal Data would be collected, used and/or disclosed.</p><p><strong>Information Security</strong></p><p>We will protect the Personal Data that we hold from misuse and unauthorised disclosure. We will only use and/or disclose your Personal Data (including disclosure to our partner organisations) for the purposes which you have consented us to collect, use and/or disclose your Personal Data for. We will retain your Personal Data for as long as needed to serve the purposes for which the data is collected, and where permitted by law, we will destroy or make unidentifiable Personal Data that is no longer needed.</p><p><strong>Use of Cookies</strong></p><p>Cookies are small data files that your browser places on your computer or device. Cookies help your browser navigate a website and the cookies themselves cannot collect any information stored on your computer or files. We use cookies to learn more about the way you interact with our Website content and help us improve your experience when visiting our Website. Should you wish to disable the cookies, you may do so by changing the setting on your browser. However, you may not be able to enter certain parts of our Website.</p><p><strong>Contact Us</strong></p><p>You could contact us via <a href="contactus@capvista.com.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">contactus@capvista.com.sg</a> for the following: a) Questions or feedback relating to the use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data; b) Enquiries about our Privacy Policy; c) Request access or make corrections to your Personal Data records which you have earlier provided to us; and d) Withdraw your consent to any use and/or disclosure of your Personal Data which you have earlier provided to us.</p><p>Note: Please note that if you withdraw your consent to any or all uses or disclosures of your Personal Data, depending on the nature of your request, we may not be in a position to continue to engage with you.</p>